Welcome to this lesson on Sentiment Analysis with an RNN. All right.
So, in this notebook, I want to give you one more LSTM example,
and in this case, we'll actually be training an RNN to
solve our sentiment analysis task from a few lessons ago.
Sentiment analysis is all about taking in some text,
in this case movie reviews,
and predicting the sentiment of that review.
So, whether it's positive or negative.
Recall that Andrew Trask showed you how to build a sentiment analysis model from scratch,
and he also did some really cool visualizations with this data.
What I want to do now is use this as an opportunity to show you
how well an RNN versus just a feedforward network performs on this task.
My thinking is that an RNN should work really well because
we can include information about the sequence of words in a movie review.
I've broken this notebook up into a series of exercises,
and I'll leave them pretty open-ended.
You'll be tasked with pre-processing some text data and
building a model that includes both an embedding and LSTM layer.
I'll also be showing you a few more things that are useful to
know about batching data and making predictions.
Next, you'll be able to access this notebook,
and I'd suggest that you keep the exercise notebook open.
You can have it open in one tab and watch my exercise and solution videos in another,
moving back and forth between absorbing information and practicing what you've learned.